In this analysis. I was able to merge the data of two Excel files that compared the average math and reading scores across
15 different high schools. I was also able to see the total amount of students each school had enrolled and how that had an
impact on their total budgeting. Throughout the anaylsis, I narrowed down the average math and reading scores to specific 
caterogries such as by grade level, by amount school spends on budgeting, by size of enrollment, and by the type of school.
Given the outcomes of the data, I was able to see which schools performed well and which schools were falling behind
from the others. 


1st Obeservation: The charter schools largely outperformed the district schools. We can first see this by looking at the top
5 schools achieveing success in overall passing percentage. The charter schools took away all of the top 5 spots with all 
scores rising above 90% while the district schools had all 5 bottom spots with all scores below at least 54%. We can also
see that the charter schools outperformed the district schools in each catergory of math and reading averages. The biggest 
observation to learn between to the two is that charter schools tend to be a lot better in math due to the 6% differnce
between their averages and the massive 27% differnce between passing math students.

2nd Oberservation: The school budget does not always correlate to higher grades. In the analysis I was able to compare
the scores of the students given the amount of money that was avaible to each of them. The students that were given <$585 actually
had the highest math and reading scores compared to the other amounts available. This amount was the lowest number in my data
and all other students recevied more. The trend of the data was that the more money that was available per student, the lower
average scores and passing rate were. This also correlates with observation ones data as the district schools had the most
money given that they are state funded. 